-- Testplan prior to submit to the app store / ad-hoc release to testers --

Step 1.
0. Delete Application from iPhone
1. Remove Application from Facebook account
2. Install application
3. PASS if: Content shows up in Popular view

Step 2.
1. Log into Facebook
2. Look at Facebook options and cancel sign in
4. PASS if: Facebook sign in & cancelling from Facebook brings you back to app w/o interruption of service

Step 3:
1. Log into Facebook
2. Look at Facebook options and confirm sign in
3. PASS if: Facebook sign in & loggin in from Facebook brings you back to app w/o interruption of service and shows you your friends posts in activity view.


Stpe 4.
1. Click on options Window. 
2. Does it look correct? Then PASS

Step 5.
1. Click on create Window
2. Does Camera show up? Then Pass

Step 5.
1. Press Cancel and return to activity view?
PASS

Step 6.
1. Press rotate button - does it rotate?
If yes, PASS

Step 7.
1. Does content populate when ou press the rotate button again (given new content is available)?
If yes, PASS

Step 8.
1. Does content populate when you scroll down and press load more button?
If yes, pASS


Step 9.
Does activity view stop/start showing new  posts from removed/addede FB friends?
(not this is subject to Facebook database - it might take few minutes for FB to reflect FB friend removal/addition)

Step 10:
Share to Facebook - make sure permissions post succeeded (subject to permissions)

Step 11:
Change app posting permisssions to "None" and try posting on FB again.
App should come back with user notification.

Step 12:.
Signout from Facebook - make sure content is deleted, with exception for content in Anynoumous mode.

Step 13:
Anonymous mode: add 5 diafilms. Kill the app. Start it over and make sure you see 5 diafilms you've created.

Step 14:
Enable airplane mode and create few diafilms.
Reenable interenet connect, hit refresh button and make sure content will get uploaded.

Step 15:
Anonymous mode:
1. Check username is Anonymous in options.
2. Privacy options at end of diafilm creation should not show up.
3. When clicking on FB to share form Activity view, user should get message sign in first.

Step 16.
Audio comments : FILL OUT THE BLANKS.